people- whom we are speaking to,what the person think,attitude,behaviour.
message-is it to be mentioned in the message or not.what we are saying,what we want to say,what we want to conveyin Short and clear,tone of voice,words,etc., avoid using jargons.,
Context-where we are speaking,what is the situation,what is the environment,etc.,
Listening-what we are hearing,what we are understanding,what we are feeling,etc.,

open ended questions-questions which can be answered in more than one word.
closed ended questions-questions which can be answered in one word.

Rapo-
			rapo is to understand the person we are speaking to.
			activelistening is to understand the message.
			bulidingrapo is to understand the context.rapo-relationship,approach,position,objective

Types of communication:
	passive style of communication means agreeing with the other person without any reason.
	negative style of communication means disagreeing with the other person without any reason.
	positive style of communication means agreeing with the other person with a reason.
	assertive(recommended Type) style of communication means disagreeing with the other person with a reason.
	agressive style of communication means disagreeing with the other person with a reason and also being rude.

Listening is the process of receiving, constructing meaning from, and responding to spoken and/or nonverbal messages.
superficial listening is listening to the words only.
content listening is listening to the words and the meaning.
deep listening is listening to the words, the meaning and the feeling.

standup calls- a meeting in which all the members of the team are present and they discuss about the work they have done and the work they have to do.
				*challenges faced
				*updates on work done,work to be done
				*dependencies
				*outcome

#Impact of no exams due to pandemic on students
1 due to no exams students are not able to know their strengths and weaknesses.
2 due to no exams students are not able to know their performance, knowledge, skills.


#Impact of no exams due to pandemic
There many impacts of no exams due to pandemic.
people who are preparing for competitive exams are not able to know their performance.

The pandemic has impacted students in many ways. One of the major impacts is that students are unable to take exams. 
This has caused a lot of stress for students as they are not able to assess their performance.
This has also caused a lot of stress for teachers as they are not able to assess their students’ performance.
